etags.fs crashes one of my applications (gs.fs). anton 12jan95

gforth.el: indentation does not work right on the first line of a
buffer. anton 27jan95

Conditional compilation continues after the file ends. This is allowed
by the standard (through an ambiguous condition), but the compiler
should at least produce a warning.  anton 27jan95

QUERY and TIB may behave differently than some may expect. TIB always
points to the current SOURCE, and QUERY puts its result there.  anton
28nov96

open-path-file expands "./" into the sourcefilename. It should either
not expand "./" or provide a mechanism that allows the application to
determine what "./" should expand to. anton 16jun98

TAGS contains references to development (not install, not build)
directories (for prim).  Probably a Makefile bug.  anton 20oct99

All I/O in DOS is unbuffered since 0.4.0.  Bruce Hoyt, early 1999.

FILE-SIZE, FILE-POSITION, and REPOSITION-FILE don't work correctly on
text files under DOS and Windows.  anton 31oct99

On Irix 6.2 the second signal kills gforth. anton 31oct99

gforth.el: Typing <ret> does not work when tabs separate words in a
line, and there is a \-comment at the end of the line.  anton 19feb00

If I start Gforth and type first
: 123456789012345678901234567890 ;
' 123456789012345678901234567890  >name name>string type    gives ??? ok
Robert Epprecht 18mar00

EKEY no longer works (does not recognize function keys etc.). anton 23feb2000

SEE does not work when the control structure is too complex (e.g.,
load http://www.complang.tuwien.ac.at/forth/pentomino.fs and then do
SEE NEXT-PIECE). anton 5mar2000

RESTORE-INPUT does not work for files with CRLF newlines, and if
SAVE-INPUT was called on a line without newline (i.e., on the last
line)  anton 27apr2000

The output of .included for gforth.fi does not include exboot.fs and
exceptions.fs  anton 1jul00

When arch/alpha/asm.fs is somewhere on the path (not in the wd), and
includes ../../code.fs, Gforth should interpret .. relative to the
position of asm.fs, but doesn't.  anton 15jul00
